Nadia and shin from New York and I'm
going to make crispy peeping Bob today
well being Bob as many of you know it's
a very popular Korean dish with lots of
vegetables and rice and mix in the spicy
red pepper paste and if you're a fan of
the new but you should be also familiar
with to suit beeping but which is served
in a hot stone bomb with a crispy rice
bottom today I'm going to get right to
the best parts of persevering Bob with
vegetables and that crispy rice bottom
and of course that spicy tangy couch
that sauce it's going to be a delicious
rice dish that is easy to make it home
and also it's good for you well let's
get started
we're starting with Christian sauce
combined couch down sesame oil and rice
vinegar then add minced scallions garlic
ginger and toasted sesame seeds turn on
the stove and put the pan with sesame
oil spread out the cooked rice and saute
the vegetables with a tablespoon of
sesame oil onions going first then
carrots and mushrooms add a pinch of
salt and pepper when they're cooked
finish with spinach check back on the
rice when the bottom turn is golden
you're ready to assemble drop an egg in
the middle
spread out the cripton sauce on the rice
and some cheddar cheese then sauteed
vegetables a little more cheese and a
little more cooking sauce then cover
just to melt the cheese cut up of course
now I have to try this the rice is soft
on top but if you look at the bottom
it's golden and crispy
the cheese and good chef sauce really
bring everything together so well it's
spicy its tangy sweet just so good and
doesn't it remind you of something else
you know I think it could be something
different from your everyday Pete's
option with this crispy rice bottom and
as you can see it's a very versatile
dish that you can put on whatever
vegetables or meats you like but make
sure you have some quick jump sauce
that's it for today thank you for
watching and I hope you can try this at
home soon bye